Feature: enable multi-k calculation for CUDA version of module_gint (#4839)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: docs/advanced/acceleration/cuda.md

- **Full gpu implementations**: During the SCF progress, `Psi`, `Hamilt`, `Hsolver`, `DiagCG`, and `DiagoDavid` classes are stored or calculated by the GPU devices.

- **Electronic state data**: (e.g. electronic density) are moved from the GPU to the CPU(s) every scf step.

> - **Acclerated by the NVIDIA libraries**: `cuBLAS` for common linear algebra calculations, `cuSolver` for eigen values/vectors, and `cuFFT` for the conversions between the real and recip spaces.

Reviewer: typo here: accelerated

## Run with the GPU support by editing the INPUT script:

> In `INPUT` file we need to set the value keyword [device](../input_files/input-main.md#device) to be `gpu`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `device`: In `INPUT` file we need to set the input parameter [device](../input_files/input-main.md#device) to `gpu`. If this parameter is not set, ABACUS will try to determine if there are available GPUs.
```

> - **ks_solver**: The setting of keyword [ks_solver](../input_files/input-main.md#ks_solver) differs between PW basis and LCAO basis. For the PW basis, ks_solver is set by default to `cg`, but you can also manually set it to `bpcg`, `dav`, or `dav_subspace`. For the LCAO basis set, ks_solver defaults to `scalapack` (if ELPA is not compiled and mpi is enabled). Note that regardless of whether device is set to `cpu` or `gpu`, ks_solver is always defaulted to `scalapack`. If you wish to use `cusolver` for solving, you can manually set ks_solver to `cusolver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `ks_solver`: For the PW basis, CG, BPCG and Davidson methods are supported on GPU; set the input parameter [ks_solver](../input_files/input-main.md#ks_solver) to `cg`, `bpcg` or `dav`. For the LCAO basis, `cusolver` is supported on GPU.
```
